gh-71141: Add note on rejecting "leading-dot" syntax for with statements (#96928)
python/cpython: Doc/faq/design.rst

bindings are resolved at run-time in Python, and the second version only needs
to perform the resolution once.

Similar proposals that would introduce syntax to further reduce code volume,

> such as using a 'leading dot', are rejected in favour of explicitness (see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such as using a 'leading dot', have been rejected in favour of explicitness (see
```
